Add a page "Staying up to date" (#44)
emmawedekind/Front-End-FAQ: to-follow.md

> # Staying up to date

Reviewer: Please re-name this file to `staying-up-to-date.md`

<details>
<summary>JavaScript and FrontEnd</summary>

> > This is an opiniated list of influencers and other people/companies who are really good at what they are doing. They all relate somehow to FrontEnd and/or JavaScript and most of them constantly share knowledge through blog posts and/or twitter discussions. Feel free to contribute to this list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is an opiniated list of influencers and other people/companies who are really good at what they are doing. They all relate somehow to FrontEnd and/or JavaScript and most of them constantly share knowledge through blog posts and/or Twitter discussions. Feel free to contribute to this list.
```

- Michael Jackson([@mjackson](https://twitter.com/mjackson)) - not that one :). Co-Author of popular `react-router` and owner of [ReactTraining](https://reacttraining.com/). Great guy in tech world, especially he focuses(as I understood) on React. Being co-creator of react-router his guides are really well written. He also provides great trainings and workshops at ReactTraining. Also, he really cares about future of web. Just read this thread.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Web components are a complete waste of time and effort at this point. The champions of web components are too invested to admit it, but there are so many problems with the current spec. They haven&#39;t learned anything from the current state of the art of building UI for the web.</p>&mdash; MICHAEL JACKSON (@mjackson) <a href="https://twitter.com/mjackson/status/1050594839127973896?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 12, 2018</a></blockquote>

> - Kyle Simpson([@getify](https://twitter.com/getify)) - when we talk about JavaScript it is unfair to not include Kyle Simpson, also knows as GETIFY. My foundation of JavaScript strengthened after reading his [You Don't Know JS](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS) book series. I highly recommend to all new(not only beginners) JS devs. You better go to his twitter account, learn about him and read 2 books mentioned in his profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kyle Simpson([@getify](https://twitter.com/getify)) - when we talk about JavaScript it is unfair to not include Kyle Simpson, also known as GETIFY. My foundation of JavaScript strengthened after reading his [You Don't Know JS](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS) book series. I highly recommend to all new JS devs (not only beginners) . You should go to his Twitter account, learn about him, and read the two books mentioned in his profile.
```
